Initial docs (#66)
EventStore/EventStore-Client-Dotnet: docs/docs/connecting-to-eventstore/connecting-to-a-cluster.md

# Connecting to a cluster

::: tip
Packages required
- EventStore.Client.Grpc.Streams
:::

TODO: Add link to how to set up cluster

## Simple connection

> For redundancy, you can run EventStoreDB in a cluster. In this scenario you should specify all the nodes in your cluster when connecting. This allows your client to discover which node it should be speaking to at any given time.

Reviewer: I think "you would provide http endpoints" _would_ actually confuse people.

> For redundancy, you can run EventStoreDB in a cluster. In this scenario you should specify all the nodes in your cluster when connecting. This allows your client to discover which node it should be speaking to at any given time.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I understand, i've just seen cases where people provide the incorrect endpoints as the gossip seeds and being more specific as to what we mean might reduce some of those issues people are encountering.

::: warning
Important: You should never hide your cluster behind a load balancer as this will stop your clients from connecting to the correct nodes.
:::
 
<<< @/samples/connecting-to-a-cluster/Program.cs#connecting-to-a-cluster
 
## Fine-tuning cluster connection

There are a number of additional settings that can be altered when connecting to a cluster.

<<< @/samples/connecting-to-a-cluster/Program.cs#connecting-to-a-cluster-complex

### DiscoveryInterval (Default: 100ms)

The interval between node discovery attempts. If the client attempts to discover a node and it is unresponsive this is the length of time the client will wait before trying to discover it again.

### GossipTimeout (Default: 10sec)

> The length of time the client will wait to get a gossip request from a node. The gossip requests lets the client know the current state of any given node. To find out more see 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The length of time the client will wait to get a gossip request from a node. The gossip requests let the client know the current state of any given node. To find out more see 
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the feedback @bartelink much appreciated!

> TODO: Link to gossip documentation

### NodePreference (Default: NodePreference.Leader)

You can tell your client which node type you would prefer to connect to. The options are:

| Option | Purpose |
|:------ |:------- |
| `NodePreference.Leader` | Always try and connect to the leader node |
| `NodePreference.Follower` | Always try and connect to a follower node | 
| `NodePreference.Random` | Connect to a random node type (useful if you want to spread the connections around) |
| `NodePreference.ReadOnlyReplica` | Always try and connect to a read only replica |

To find out more about the different node types see

> TODO: Link to node types.

### MaxDiscoveryAttempts (Default: 10)

> This is the number of times we will attempt to discover the node before EventStoreDb aborts and throws an exception.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is the number of times the client will attempt to discover the EventStoreDB node before it aborts and throws an exception.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the feedback @bartelink much appreciated!
